# CryptoHire Smart Contract function
 

 ## Table of Content
  - [Project Overview](#project-overview)
  - [Brief description of ICP](#what-is-icp)
  - [Project Functionalities](#project-functionalities)


  ### Project Overview
  In this project, a cryptohire smart contract was built on ICP blockchain using the rust programming language. 

  #### What is ICP?
  The Internet Computer Protocol, also know as ICP (short form) is a blockchain based on threshold cryptography, state machine replication, and a novel concensus algorithm. To further know more about hot this blockcjain works, you can go to [ICP Official site](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/overview-of-icp) for further infomation on how to go about this blockchain.

  #### Project Functionalities

  In this project , we have the following functionalities:

  - The create job function
  This function creates a job on the ICP chain when initialized

  - The apply to job function 
  This fuction allows the appllicant(s) to apply for the job when created, and storing there information on the ICP-blockchain storage.

  - The cancel job function
  This function allows for the cancellation of jobs, using the job Id generated by the ICP-storage counter.

  - The Accept job function
  This function allows for the job acceptance by the applicant.

  - The fetch job function
  This function fetches job the job application details. Its contains details like , applicants name, time created, job applied to, etc.

  - The withdrawn application function 
  This function withdraws the application.


To get you started with the ICP on the local net , kindly type the following on your terminal at the root of your project
``` dfx start --clean --background ``` 

``` dfx build ```

``` dfx deploy ```

After these three steps, copy the url generated for the backend, and paste it in your browser url . A candid UI will be generated automatically where u can test ur application. 


### Contact
- gmail: justajayi07@gmail.com
- X (formerly twitter): @justtA7J
- GitHub: github.com/0XjustAJ

